C:\Work\Cabana.3FSitecore\SitecoreConverter\windows app\bin\Debug\Core.dll
C:\Work\Cabana.3FSitecore\SitecoreConverter\windows app\bin\Debug\FilestorageConversionPlugin.dll
C:\Work\Cabana.3FSitecore\SitecoreConverter\windows app\bin\Debug\HtmlToXhtmlPlugin.dll
C:\Work\Cabana.3FSitecore\SitecoreConverter\windows app\bin\Debug\Core.pdb
C:\Work\Cabana.3FSitecore\SitecoreConverter\windows app\bin\Debug\FilestorageConversionPlugin.pdb
C:\Work\Cabana.3FSitecore\SitecoreConverter\windows app\bin\Debug\HtmlToXhtmlPlugin.pdb
C:\Work\Cabana.3FSitecore\SitecoreConverter\windows app\obj\Debug\Windows test app.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Work\Cabana.3FSitecore\SitecoreConverter\windows app\obj\Debug\SitecoreConverter.AddressForm.resources
C:\Work\Cabana.3FSitecore\SitecoreConverter\windows app\obj\Debug\SitecoreConverter.CompareForm.resources
C:\Work\Cabana.3FSitecore\SitecoreConverter\windows app\obj\Debug\SitecoreConverter.CopyOptions.resources
C:\Work\Cabana.3FSitecore\SitecoreConverter\windows app\obj\Debug\SitecoreConverter.Form1.resources
C:\Work\Cabana.3FSitecore\SitecoreConverter\windows app\obj\Debug\CustomControls.LoginControl.resources
C:\Work\Cabana.3FSitecore\SitecoreConverter\windows app\obj\Debug\SitecoreConverter.LoginForm.resources
C:\Work\Cabana.3FSitecore\SitecoreConverter\windows app\obj\Debug\SitecoreConverter.ProgressForm.resources
C:\Work\Cabana.3FSitecore\SitecoreConverter\windows app\obj\Debug\SitecoreConverter.SearchReplaceForm.resources
C:\Work\Cabana.3FSitecore\SitecoreConverter\windows app\obj\Debug\SitecoreConverter.SinglelineInputForm.resources
C:\Work\Cabana.3FSitecore\SitecoreConverter\windows app\obj\Debug\SitecoreConverter.ViewTextForm.resources
C:\Work\Cabana.3FSitecore\SitecoreConverter\windows app\obj\Debug\Windows test app.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Work\Cabana.3FSitecore\SitecoreConverter\windows app\obj\Debug\SitecoreConverter.ScriptToolForm.resources
C:\Work\Cabana.3FSitecore\SitecoreConverter\windows app\bin\Debug\CMSCommander.exe.config
C:\Work\Cabana.3FSitecore\SitecoreConverter\windows app\bin\Debug\CMSCommander.exe
C:\Work\Cabana.3FSitecore\SitecoreConverter\windows app\bin\Debug\CMSCommander.pdb
C:\Work\Cabana.3FSitecore\SitecoreConverter\windows app\obj\Debug\CMSCommander.exe
C:\Work\Cabana.3FSitecore\SitecoreConverter\windows app\obj\Debug\CMSCommander.pdb
C:\Work\Cabana.3FSitecore\SitecoreConverter\windows app\obj\Debug\SitecoreConverter.ItemEditForm.resources
c:\Work\Github\CMS-Commander\Source\windows app\bin\Debug\CMSCommander.exe.config
c:\Work\Github\CMS-Commander\Source\windows app\obj\Debug\CMSCommander.exe
c:\Work\Github\CMS-Commander\Source\windows app\obj\Debug\CMSCommander.pdb
c:\udvikling\CMS-Commander\Source\windows app\bin\Debug\CMSCommander.exe.config
c:\udvikling\CMS-Commander\Source\windows app\bin\Debug\CMSCommander.exe
c:\udvikling\CMS-Commander\Source\windows app\bin\Debug\CMSCommander.pdb
c:\udvikling\CMS-Commander\Source\windows app\bin\Debug\Core.dll
c:\udvikling\CMS-Commander\Source\windows app\bin\Debug\FilestorageConversionPlugin.dll
c:\udvikling\CMS-Commander\Source\windows app\bin\Debug\HtmlToXhtmlPlugin.dll
c:\udvikling\CMS-Commander\Source\windows app\bin\Debug\Core.pdb
c:\udvikling\CMS-Commander\Source\windows app\bin\Debug\Core.dll.config
c:\udvikling\CMS-Commander\Source\windows app\bin\Debug\FilestorageConversionPlugin.pdb
c:\udvikling\CMS-Commander\Source\windows app\bin\Debug\FilestorageConversionPlugin.dll.config
c:\udvikling\CMS-Commander\Source\windows app\bin\Debug\HtmlToXhtmlPlugin.pdb
c:\udvikling\CMS-Commander\Source\windows app\obj\Debug\Windows test app.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
c:\udvikling\CMS-Commander\Source\windows app\obj\Debug\SitecoreConverter.AddressForm.resources
c:\udvikling\CMS-Commander\Source\windows app\obj\Debug\SitecoreConverter.CompareForm.resources
c:\udvikling\CMS-Commander\Source\windows app\obj\Debug\SitecoreConverter.CopyOptions.resources
c:\udvikling\CMS-Commander\Source\windows app\obj\Debug\SitecoreConverter.Form1.resources
c:\udvikling\CMS-Commander\Source\windows app\obj\Debug\SitecoreConverter.ItemEditForm.resources
c:\udvikling\CMS-Commander\Source\windows app\obj\Debug\CustomControls.LoginControl.resources
c:\udvikling\CMS-Commander\Source\windows app\obj\Debug\SitecoreConverter.LoginForm.resources
c:\udvikling\CMS-Commander\Source\windows app\obj\Debug\SitecoreConverter.ProgressForm.resources
c:\udvikling\CMS-Commander\Source\windows app\obj\Debug\SitecoreConverter.ScriptToolForm.resources
c:\udvikling\CMS-Commander\Source\windows app\obj\Debug\SitecoreConverter.SearchReplaceForm.resources
c:\udvikling\CMS-Commander\Source\windows app\obj\Debug\SitecoreConverter.SinglelineInputForm.resources
c:\udvikling\CMS-Commander\Source\windows app\obj\Debug\SitecoreConverter.ViewTextForm.resources
c:\udvikling\CMS-Commander\Source\windows app\obj\Debug\Windows test app.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
c:\udvikling\CMS-Commander\Source\windows app\obj\Debug\Windows test app.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\udvikling\CMS-Commander\Source\windows app\obj\Debug\Windows test app.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\udvikling\CMS-Commander\Source\windows app\obj\Debug\CMSCommander.exe
c:\udvikling\CMS-Commander\Source\windows app\obj\Debug\CMSCommander.pdb
