c:\Work\Cabana.3FSitecore\SitecoreConverter\windows app\bin\Release\Core.dll
c:\Work\Cabana.3FSitecore\SitecoreConverter\windows app\bin\Release\FilestorageConversionPlugin.dll
c:\Work\Cabana.3FSitecore\SitecoreConverter\windows app\bin\Release\HtmlToXhtmlPlugin.dll
c:\Work\Cabana.3FSitecore\SitecoreConverter\windows app\bin\Release\Core.pdb
c:\Work\Cabana.3FSitecore\SitecoreConverter\windows app\bin\Release\FilestorageConversionPlugin.pdb
c:\Work\Cabana.3FSitecore\SitecoreConverter\windows app\bin\Release\HtmlToXhtmlPlugin.pdb
c:\Work\Cabana.3FSitecore\SitecoreConverter\windows app\bin\Release\Core.XmlSerializers.dll
c:\Work\Cabana.3FSitecore\SitecoreConverter\windows app\obj\Release\Windows test app.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Work\Cabana.3FSitecore\SitecoreConverter\windows app\obj\Release\SitecoreConverter.CompareForm.resources
c:\Work\Cabana.3FSitecore\SitecoreConverter\windows app\obj\Release\SitecoreConverter.CopyOptions.resources
c:\Work\Cabana.3FSitecore\SitecoreConverter\windows app\obj\Release\SitecoreConverter.Form1.resources
c:\Work\Cabana.3FSitecore\SitecoreConverter\windows app\obj\Release\CustomControls.LoginControl.resources
c:\Work\Cabana.3FSitecore\SitecoreConverter\windows app\obj\Release\SitecoreConverter.LoginForm.resources
c:\Work\Cabana.3FSitecore\SitecoreConverter\windows app\obj\Release\SitecoreConverter.ProgressForm.resources
c:\Work\Cabana.3FSitecore\SitecoreConverter\windows app\obj\Release\SitecoreConverter.SearchReplaceForm.resources
c:\Work\Cabana.3FSitecore\SitecoreConverter\windows app\obj\Release\SitecoreConverter.SinglelineInputForm.resources
c:\Work\Cabana.3FSitecore\SitecoreConverter\windows app\obj\Release\SitecoreConverter.ViewTextForm.resources
c:\Work\Cabana.3FSitecore\SitecoreConverter\windows app\obj\Release\Windows test app.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Work\Cabana.3FSitecore\SitecoreConverter\windows app\obj\Release\SitecoreConverter.AddressForm.resources
C:\Work\Cabana.3FSitecore\SitecoreConverter\windows app\obj\Release\SitecoreConverter.ScriptToolForm.resources
c:\Work\Cabana.3FSitecore\SitecoreConverter\windows app\bin\Release\CMSCommander.exe.config
c:\Work\Cabana.3FSitecore\SitecoreConverter\windows app\bin\Release\CMSCommander.exe
c:\Work\Cabana.3FSitecore\SitecoreConverter\windows app\obj\Release\CMSCommander.exe
